1. Differentiate between static and dynamic websites
Static Website
	The content cannot be manipulated after the script is executed
	No way to change the content as it is predefined
	
Dynamic Website
	The content can be changed even at the runtime
	The content can be changed easily by manipulation and reloading
	
2. What are the types of variables present in PHP?
There are eight primary data types in PHP as shown below:

	Array: A named and ordered collection of data
	Boolean: A logical value (True or False)
	Double: Floating point numbers such as 5.1525
	Integer: Whole numbers without a floating point
	Object: An instance of classes, containing data and functions
	NULL: A special data type, supporting only the NULL data
	Resource: Special variables that hold references to external resources
	String: A sequence of characters such as, “Hello learners!”

3. What is NULL in PHP?
NULL is a special data type in PHP used to denote the presence of only one value, NULL. You cannot assign any other value to it.
NULL is not case sensitive in PHP and can be declared in two ways as shown below:
$var = NULL: OR $var = NULL;

4. What is the use of the constant() function in PHP?
The constant() function is used to retrieve the values predefined in a constant variable. 
It is used especially when you do not know the name of the variable.

5. What are the various constants predefined in PHP?
PHP consists of many constants, and following are some of the widely used ones:

	_METHOD_: Represents the class name
	_CLASS_: Returns the class name
	_FUNCTION_: Denotes the function name
	_LINE_: Denotes the working line number
	_FILE_: Represents the path and the file name

6. Differentiate between variables and constants in PHP?
Variable	
	Variables can have changed paths	
	The default scope is the current access scope	
	The $ assignment is used for definition	
	Compulsory usage of the $ sign at the start	

Constant
	Constants cannot be changed
	Constants can be accessed throughout without any scoping rules
	Constants are defined using the define() function
	No need for the $ sign for constants
	
7. Differentiate between PHP4 and PHP5?
PHP4
	No support for static methods
	Abstract classes cannot be declared
	The method of call-by-value is used
	Constructors can have class names
	
PHP5
	Allows the usage of static methods
	Abstract classes can be declared
	The method of call-by-reference is used
	Constructors have separate names